<h3 align="center" >
  <b>Who I am :grey_question:</b>
</h3>
<p align="justify">
As a passionate self-taught Full Stack Developer, I merge creativity and technical expertise to design exceptional digital experiences. Following continuous learning, I try to make my contribution to open source projects in order to allow those who are in need to use my projects to get to know, if possible, the technologies I use. in fact I am a natural resources engineer. Since my childhood I have often been addicted to phones or computers to know how they work from the applications to their constituents. Arriving at university I chose another path although it was still engineering. During my undergraduate studies, every evening I took time to learn how to code. Over time, this coding patient became a reality. In February 2020, I started as a junior in the @madoumadev company, but the need to know more never stopped and this pushed me to learn and deepen new skills. For examples: Python, Django Framework, PostgreSQL, Postman, React JS, Redux, API, JSON API, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, SaaS, Web programming, Working with, Databases, Node.js, Web Application Development, Git, netlify, AWS, Database, Docker, HTTP, English language, Software development, Unit Testing, FastAPI, Adaptive layout and more. Following the completion of various robust projects alone or with partners led me to become a middle full stack developer. <br/>
In February 2024, my employment contract with my partners expired and I am looking for a new opportunity that will allow me to continue my career as a full stack developer. I would be happy to get to know you as a future employer and if possible, you can visit my github page to get an idea of my projects.
<p>
